September 11, 2001, saw the dawn of a new age of terrorist actions against the United States. A foreign terrorist organization, Al-Qaeda, committed a preplanned attack against multiple targets on US soil. In an effort to counter future attacks from happening, simply increasing security is not enough: the US needs to strike back against this foreign group, and others, in an effort to stay the aggression posed against the United States. Such an attack on foreign soil is not without consequence, but the low opportunity cost works in US favor to justify a massive and far-ranging attack against foreign terrorist organizations.

In response to American concerns for the safety of their families, neighbors, and friends from further terrorist attacks, a possible solution is to strike a decisive, immediate, and far-ranging blow against terrorists. Lately it appears that America has been on the defense, simply responding to terrorist attacks that have already happened. People have died, families have been torn, damage has been done. Naturally, people feel unsafe being on the defense because there is a lack of control in the situation. If America could control the situation, or begin playing on the offensive, this would instill confidence in the people and help them to feel safer.

Future acts of terrorism only seem to be heading in a darker direction as weapons become more lethal. Strategies on how to institute terror into a wider audience are being further developed. With the way technology continues to improve, the attacks of September 11 could seem miniscule compared to those in the future. The safety of Americans has never been more vulnerable than now, and if action is not taken quickly, the mess left to pick up, could be devastating.

Foreign terrorist groups have far too many resources, each of which needs to be diminished. This includes more than simply destroying the resources, but also cutting off their supply. Terrorist suppliers need to be halted through more rigorous policy, lawmaking, and, if necessary, aggressive action.

But how would the US attacking a foreign terrorist organization be any different than the events of 9/11? The US’ attack would be a self-defense attack aimed at stopping future aggression. This is not a question of ethics, but a matter of defending the safety and best interests of US citizens foreign and domestic. Whatever the United States can do to reduce the resources and facilities of foreign terrorists should be done because it will increase American safety by decreasing the likelihood of future terrorist attacks.

A major attack on terrorist groups would include the destruction of facilities, weapons, and resources. This is an appropriate military objective because facilities and resources are easy to identify and there is little danger of harming innocents if only these facilities are destroyed. Thus the main military targets would include training facilities, weapons depots, and known strongholds of terrorist groups. A secondary target would include major, known leaders of terrorist organizations.

Without these resources, terrorist groups would be less able to strike out against other groups or countries which would protect US citizens. If facilities designed to create nuclear, biological, or other weapons of mass destruction can be identified and destroyed in a decisive action with minimal loss of american lives, this would diminish the foreign terrorist groups’ ability to perform terrorist acts on US soil.

A far-ranging, thorough attack on terrorist groups is the best way to prevent future attacks on the US. Despite the consequences of such actions in terms of the creation of more international opposition, the destruction of terrorist facilities and resources is not only viable, but a logical necessity. This would prevent immediate retaliation of such groups and give the US military time to appropriately plan for future measures necessary to protect the American way of life.

**Enthymeme:** Striking a decisive, immediate, and far-ranging blow against terrorists (A) deters (v1) future acts of terrorism (B) b/c such a massive strike will diminish (v2) substantially the resources and facilities of the leading terrorist groups. (C)
